The Joe Rogan experience.
So that there was one other thing that we wanted to talk about when we first
started, one of 'em was Jeffrey Epstein. Do you remember what the other one was?
You were gonna show me the Jeffrey Epstein. So I got, I'm such a child there's.
Thing. And then George Lopez' comment. Oh, that's.
It. That's it. So, and then there's a, there's a bounty on Trump's.
Head, I guess. I don't know how anyone heard it or where that listed it,
but I read it on Twitter and then people were making.
Jokes about it. How much is the bounty?
80 Million from somewhere in Iran or? I don't know.
If you go to bet DSI, you can <laugh>.
You'd imagine if they knew Trump, where does the world stand?
If they only drop one nuke and it's on the white house,
small one little baby nuke, just levels the entire building and everything near.
It. Well, I, I ran, jumped or dropped out of their, the, uh, nuclear accord.
So they're gonna start enriching uranium again.
Trump though tweeted,
I ran does not have any nuclear weapons exclaation point hashtag something.
Right.
But they can get 'em. Yeah, this is so crazy.
This seems like for the first time, in a long time,
I'm thinking we could go to war with a country. Like this seems crazy.
The internet jumped into world war II memes immediately, instantly
24 hours of straight jokes.
What do you think happens?
I don't know. I don't even know what's happening right now.
It could be because stuff could be happening right now.
It's what did the guy do?
Cuz Dan crechhaw was saying that he organized the attack on the embassy and then
he was organizing other attacks on us sites.
He was a bad guy. Supposedly he like, there was,
there is some stuff saying like he is a bad guy.
It's just how Trump did it is how the problem, uh, he did help, uh,
fight ISIS a lot. Uh, also, uh, so he, he wasn't,
he was a really bad guy, but there was points like he,
the biggest problem is that Trump just went out and pretty much assassinated
him, you know? Right. Like instead of dealing with it like an adult.
Did you imagine when they went through all those other,
like really finely detailed points,
this is a strategy we can employ or we just take him out with a missile. Did.
He? I read he was trolling Trump too. Like trolling him on Twitter.
I don't know if that was true. <laugh> if that guy had guy was yeah.
It's like pop.
My, my God.
Could you imagine if that guy was trolling Trump and Trump killed him? Yeah. Oh.
My God, God. He was talking about his hands or.
Something. Oh my imagine. Imagine he talking about his orange skin,
his fake hair, his baby hands. He's like, oh yeah, baby hands.
<laugh> oh my God. He got into a meanme battle with Trump.
I hope this I might have Googled.
It too quick. It could be a fake site. I don't think it is.
The daily dot. Is that a fake site?
Uh, maybe, maybe it was too quick. I don't know.
The.
Daily dot I, is that a real.
Website? I want, I I'm trying to confirm. Okay. This other side,
these other things look real. I keep his posted. Okay.
I don't want to comment just yet. Yeah.
Cause I have a feeling I have a lot to say about this.
<laugh> I wanna see what the memes are. <laugh>.
It's so crazy, man. It's so crazy that this, this situation that we find our,
and were none of us who were listening to this,
had anything to do with any of this that might kill a million people.
None of us, none of us. And then our leaders like that,
we we've been so roped in this game of Thrones mentality that our,
our leaders are gonna make these critical decisions for us.
And they're gonna be in charge of whether,
what kind of diplomas see we employ on, on other natures.
They're gonna represent us in the most personal way possible,
like the way he does it. Like the way Trump does it. That's personal.
That's how he is. So he's standing for us,
but he's standing up for himself as a person. This part of that too, right?
Like he doesn't wanna be with,
he wants you to know the United States not gonna be with me in charge.
And I're like, yo, so it's like him. He's the one out there.
And he's the one they go. You can, you can just N the guy he's like, well. I'll.
I'll just N him commander of the Islamic rev, rev,
revolution, guards, corpse, uh, force major general.
How do you say his name? Kasim. Soliani Kasim. Kasim.
I don't know how to say the first name. Soloman. I think so.
Lemanney responded to us.
President Donald Trump's announcement of sanctions are coming with a game of
Thrones, inspired meme of his own. Oh my gosh. And it says,
I will stand against you. And it has the game of Thrones, like, oh,
and you, so he put that up and then Trump. Yeah,
this is a couple months ago, but I, but that he remembered this.
Is November, uh, 2000.
Eighteen's a year ago. So bro, he's got that speed memory. Trump.
Trump can remember. This owes me since the seventies. <laugh> that's crazy.
That is crazy. A guy memes you and then you murder him. Woo
Jesus Christ. Baked Alaska better hide.
Game is a game of Thrones.
Thing. It's so crazy.
It's so crazy that these worlds have collided.
And then what do you think Putin is probably laughing his off right now.
He's probably got his feet up on the chair, smoking a cigar,
just laughing and laughing, watching his chaos play. And then for sure,
he's gonna help Iran for sure. There anything that,
detabilizes his number one competitor. That's what China's gonna do too.
This is so dumb. It's also scary,
but it's also one of those things where we don't know what the is going on.
So it could have been the right move. We don't know. I mean, it might,
it might have been the thing you have to do to avoid more, more deaths. China,
Russia, and Iran hold joint Naval drills in the Gulf. Ofman oh, terrific.
That's great. China, Russia, and Iran together.
We're getting to some world war II here. That's world war II.
That is like when Italy was joined in Germany. I mean, that's what that is.
You should probably get away from the coast, bro. <laugh> imagine imaginesion.
If this guy gets us into world war II,
by deciding to do that and then have these crazy threats,
see the rest of the world does not want to thing. This is one of the things like
if you think you're the baddest and you represent the baddest country,
you gotta kind of almost be like a real baddest.
Like a guy like Steve Amio, Chich like a UFC heavyweight champ.
They don't go around saying they're gonna kick her everybody's.
Cuz everybody already knows it. And if you, you,
you start saying that you're gonna be able to do whatever you want
and maybe even do it in a disproportionate manner. All the other countries,
like why do you have any power? Like who are you man? And they say like,
where we're really powerful. We all get together.
You can pre you're pretending you're more are powerful than everybody.
That's a weird thing to do.
It's a weird chess puffing strategy to take on a country that has allies.
That's where it gets up. It's not just Iran, Iran.
It's all Iran's allies. They all get together.
Now you have a giant force of people and nuclear weapons. Congratulations.
Did you guys play chess or did you play checkers growing up?
How the are you just a tic TAC, toe ACE. And you didn't see this coming.
This is why it's really important to have, you know,
people have to be able to talk, be able to have dialogue.
You see this tweet.
That he said before, the one yeah.
Targeted 52 Iranian sites representing the 52 American host just taken by Iran
many years ago, bro. That was during the Carter administration.
I think we can let that go<laugh> it's not the same people.
Those people are all dead. This that's crazy. So this is more team mentality.
Yeah, but that'll get the Yos all the. Yeah.
All the dudes just jump off the tractor,
jacking off into the fields and they hear that like yeah, get him Trump.
Woo. This could get hot.
It could get hot and it could get real.
And if he really has the ability to do that,
what other calls does he have the ability to do?
Is there ever gonna be another moment like that?
Where I ran boxes in a ship and then he sends in a fight or
jet, I mean, is this gonna really happen?
Because then none of us can go anywhere.
We have to hide and we gotta get outta LA. Cuz it're definitely gonna nuke that.
Like this is because imagine the movie,
if it all played out like that in like a Stephen King movie made a thing about a
game show host,
that event becomes the president of the United States and starts a war while
he's on speed. <laugh>.
I do that every day when.
I'm really high. Well now I'm getting there. I was not getting there before.
Um, this was enough to make me go, holy. Like,
is there a better way to handle that than blasting that guy with a robot from
the sky? Like what did we start? I don't know, man.
It's I don't wanna know. Right?
You don't wanna know that all over the world, these little pieces are in motion.
They're trying to protect us from terrorists,
trying to make sure that they stop ISIS.
And this sect is growing here and these people are getting shot there.
And what about the cartels? And they're getting up this much. You,
if you would be paralyzed by fear,
if you took in all the information on all the danger all over the world,
you'd be paralyzed by fears. I.
I was when I was in Vegas while this was happening this weekend,
if you didn't look at your phone, you wouldn't have known yeah.
Any of this was going on. No, I didn't hear anybody talking about it.
Yeah. I didn't either. It walk, call around.
That was the good thing about being off social media. And this is,
was my point in the first place. By the time things get to me,
it's it's already been sort of distributed better. You know, I get a, you know,
I'll have to do jump on right away.
And then it becomes the focus of my day long before we know anything.
And I keep refreshing CNN every five minutes. I'm scared,
like legitimately this is like for the first time in a long time I'm since like
nine 11 where I'm legitimately like, oh, oh this is, this is some real.
This could be really bad because if he says he's gonna do something in a
disproportionate manner, he's threatening them. He's calling their bluff.
Brothers is so dangerous, so dangerous because all they have to do is just new.
Kaua do something like that. Where the rest of the world would be like, Hey,
Hey, Hey, Hey, what are we gonna do in kill each other? Everywhere one,
cuz that's what could happen.
This like mutually assured destruction was always supposed to be the,
the big impediment that mutually assured destruction.
If we knew that if we shot them, they'd shoot us. We'd all be dead.
That that's what kept us from using bombs. But who the knows, man?
What if I ran just says, listen,
if we just sneak a bomb and by the time it's detonated,
they won't even have a chance to respond. The whole system will be.
Their grid will be down. All their entertainment will be down.
Everything will be down.
And then the rest of the world can figure out a way to unite together and take
over the power that the United States wants and to joy,
they were abusing that power.
They were the number one superpower in the world and they let their guy take
diet pills and threaten everybody on Twitter. <laugh>
I don't know if he takes diet pills. He had 'em in his dresser,
but I don't even know if those are his <laugh>. I just wanna say.
So.